I just realized that Sunday was legitimately the best day of my whole life. I woke up at 5 AM to go fishing with Melanie. We ended up going on a charter Stryper bass fishing boat with a guide that I didn’t like this name was Brad, but it turned out to be the perfect day of fishing. The weather was flawless. It was warm but not hot. It was gently overcast but still sunny. It was breezy, but not windy. We caught a bunch of fish. I lost count probably 12 total we released half of them kept four or five big catfish four or five big striper bass and one spotted bass after about three hours of the five hour trip. I looked at Melanie as well and said hey do you feel like we should be wrapping up and she was like no no I’m having a really nice time. We should we should keep going that made me really happy. She pulled out a bunch of fish. You’re just so beautiful. Then we rode around in the lake just looking for spots with the fishfinder and we were just we stopped by like five different spots again in this perfect perfect weather just listening to simple classics on the radio with commercials mixed in. Then I asked to switch to country which was so cool cost me a lot of money. It was 650 bucks and neither Yana or Melanie know it’s just how expensive it was. I just feel guilty for spending that much money at the same time. I feel like just the pictures we took and the time we spent was so worth it thing that bothers me though is that I could not enjoy it for the life of me in the moment I have to keep forcing myself to be in the present moment it took so much effort to do so my brain just physically kept wandering to five minutes from now, one hour from now later today tomorrow I just never stop and focus and be in the present moment and even when I came home after fishing and everything kind of tired but just fine just hanging out at home and Amelia a nice peaceful and quiet day just badging and relaxing at home with my family. It started raining and thundering and there was a deer walking around in our backyard hiding from the rain under one of our trees and we all looked out and we just ate some food and later cooked the fish and had it with bunch on which is like Korean style sides. Fish are not actually really good cleaning. It was a total pain but towards the end, I was like pretty experienced with filling cut my finger pretty good, but I just keep thinking to myself how come I can’t enjoy being in a moment and just being present I’m afraid I’m depressed. I just refuse to bring myself to admit it or to say it out loud, I have counseling today just wanna bring this up. I have my ADHD appointment Thursday and I just I wonder if I’ll get diagnosed with depression because I have nothing but negative things to say about living this life and again even though I had the greatest day of my life, I was just thinking that if I had to choose one day to relive, it would be Sunday I was just in a bad mood. I was really judged towards the fisherman guy that had to work on a Sunday his bedside manner was trash, though his customer service was horrible, but anyway it’s kind of soul-searching and just wondering why I am the way that I am.