Lately I'm just realizing how magnificent and incredible God is. I had a really good deep prayer in the morning. I'm feeling very grounded in my faith.

I feel in awe and confused about how can it even be that this is reality and there's a creator God that's infinite out there, observing me — and how could me, a sinner, a fallen person, be of any value to this Almighty creator? It just reminds me how fortunate I am, how merciful and gracious he is.

I also can't shake this feeling of nothing really matters and this is essentially a game, a video game, and I'm pretty much at peace with that because it makes me only want to invest into things that bring me joy — like gardening, feeding the birds, developing as a human, traveling, and having a good relationship with my wife.

Lately, fighting has been essentially gone because of this realization of how stupid it all is. Also, I have just been a lot more patient and kind to my wife and all her retardations as we like to call them. She has serious neurological issues and my mission is to serve her. Just recently I'm reminded that to be a good husband is to be like Christ is to me — the patience and the grace is all that matters. I'm trying to be selfless although it's hard.

I've been on this deep and long rampage and hatred against vices and devices that I know Satan uses to keep us men neutered and distracted and ashamed, secretly or openly. It causes you to not be able to share your testimony or to instruct or encourage other brothers or anyone for that matter if you yourself are living in sin and ashamed of yourself. I have a long ways to go, and I promise that humility is to be my key or lighthouse, because without humility God opposes the proud.

I'm praying about the Riley situation. My prayer is that it vanishes, it goes away. I worry about finances because of the incredible amount of expenses we just went through. I pray for more work to come in, really good jobs. And I have faith. In Jesus name, amen.
