I don’t know man no phone calls no leads I have this basement that called and he interviewed me on Sunday after a quick text and said he’ll get back to me that night which he didn’t answer so I’m just kind of expecting him to have hired somebody else, but he promised that he would confirm and let me know immediately on who he goes with Sunday night and it’s Tuesday so there goes that or whatever and I don’t I don’t know if I want to reach out who just assuming you’re you know going with someone else or what not I don’t know zero good leads coming through houses on paying 800 bucks a month for working my ass off spending so much time and effort building out Alfred handyman just wondering if it’s worth it at the end of the day starting off with window cleaning which my thesis is if I do some kind of very very low barrier to entry job for a customer and do a good job and they leave a review those reviews start growing the natural turn of events or progression. Is that reviews me responding to them Google and LOM start picking us up. It’s in the name Alpharetta handyman. I just realized I should build out a page that’s Alfredda window cleaning. But anyways, I just don’t know if it’s worth it. I don’t know if it’s going to pay off. I’ve already started and failed so many businesses. I’m just at the same time. I have time right now 2774. Kitchen is kind of just slowly progressing. I’m gonna go out there Thursday for a half a day with Kevin and then Wednesday I’m going out tomorrow to meet the framers and get them going, but I’m not out there Framing and there’s not a whole lot I have to do. I’ll probably drive out 23 times a week to look at the job. Look at progress trying to think to not be lazy about this because I really do need to be present and learn as much as possible cause I wanted to build more homes I want to be building two more homes right now and I don’t know how to get there. I’m advertising as a builder on Houzz. I’ve optimize my website as best I can I Think but I just I’m not willing to pay for advertising and I don’t know how to advertise and I need to reach the right customers so anyways feeling neutral, hopefully optimistic and defeated and confused all at the same time.